Added extensive example for call_contract_syscall (#423)
cairo-book/cairo-book.github.io: src/ch99-02-02-contract-dispatcher-library-dispatcher-and-system-calls.md

<span class="caption">Listing 99-9: A sample contract using syscalls</span>

> To use this syscall, we passed in the contract address, the calldata (function arguments), which then inside the function gets serialized and is passed on to the array which is spanned and passed as the calldata. The function name is already passed in which is transferFrom which we will be calling, At the end, we are returned a serialized value which we'll need to deserialize ourselves!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this syscall, we passed in the contract address, the selector of the function we want to call, and the call arguments.

The call arguments must be provided as an array of `felt252`. To build this array, we serialize the expected function parameters into an `Array<felt252>` using the `Serde` trait, and then pass this array as calldata. At the end, we are returned a serialized value which we'll need to deserialize ourselves!
```

Author: Done
